Digital Level 1 Academies reaches a wider target audience by engaging our users who cannot attend onsite trainings because of the current 
travel restrictions. Other challenges may also prevent learners from attending:
- When participants are located in differents areas with limited time and/or resources;
- Professional commitments which do not allow them to attend courses on specific dates with a fixed schedule; 
- Limited daily time to devote to learning;
- Restricted in their mobility because of security reasons.

Digital Academies Tools - Multiple options
- Learning resources: Documents, PowerPoint presentations, videos or audio files
- Communication tools:vE-mails, discussion forums, chats, video conferencing applications to communicate and work together. 

Method of delivery
Synchronous or asynchronous

Facilitation
Facilitators have to be available throughout the course and respond to questions as quickly as possible so that participants can 
proceed with their work and remain motivated. 
The facilitators continuous presence throughout the process is crucial to assure participants’ motivation and reduce abandon rates 
considerably. Facilitators shall be available every day of the training.

Facilitators shall represent the region so collaboration with other HISP partners is important.

Agenda
The existing material would need to be sequenced so that the curriculum fit an online learning format



Academy structure
Classic level 1 Academies are likely to last approx. 10 days.
+
1 Onboarding day: usually the day right before the launching date

Digital Academy website: It does not change from the onsite Academies except few more information to add.

Onboarding day
This onboarding day will give you the opportunity to get introduced to the digital Academy format, to virtually meet with your peers, 
to familiarise with the tools to be used during the training, to test your own equipment and to meet with the facilitators' team from 
the HISP group. All the confirmed participants are required to attend the onboarding day.

Launching of the digital DHIS2 Academy
Approx. 40 hours in total: approx. 3 hours per day spread over 10 days, from the launching day. This might be subject to change. 
The detailed schedule will be published very soon.

Advantages of the digital workshop
* Free of charge
* Same curriculum than the onsite Academies
* Team of DHIS2 experts conducting the Academy
* Being trained in safety, from your home or office during the COVID-19 pandemic.
* Get an official DHIS2 certificate(1)
(1) Certificate earned by attending all the sessions, participating in all activities and completing the assignments within deadlines.

Once registration form ready and website published, participants will start registering.

If the onsite Academy for the same region and same specialization had already collected registrations before getting cancelled due to 
Coronavirus.

Step 1: Sending the commitment note
Once registered, HISP group will send a commitment note which will mention the nature of the training, duration and 
modalities of participation. This commitment note aims at explaining to the participants the prerequisites and rules they need to comply
with in order to get the official DHIS2 certificates at the end of the digital Academy.

As soon as the participant sends the signed version of the agreement (which shall include your employer's signature and yours), the HISP 
group will send within 7 days, a confirmation of participation/acceptance letter. This confirmation will be sent along with a short quiz
that participant will be invited to fill in at your earliest convenience. 
This will enable us to make sure the workshop matches your needs and expectations.



